                Children's Ministries at Journey Church



Dear Parent,

We are so excited that you chose to worship with us this Sunday. We are
even more excited that you entrusted us with your most priceless
possession, your child! We hope that you see through the teachers,
atmosphere, and our policies that we value the safety and happiness of
your child. We want Explorers and Outfitters to be a place your child
longs to go and a place where you have no reservations leaving them.

There are a few things you should know about Explorers and Outfitters to
make your experience the most enjoyable it can be. First, you need to
know that your child’s safety is the highest priority for our children’s
ministries. We are diligent in making sure that each child is cared
after as if they were our own. We run background checks on every person
serving in Explorers and Outfitters. We also do not allow children to be
supervised by less than two teachers.

Second, we have a wonderful check in system that has built in security
to assure your child’s safety while you attend worship. Your child is
assigned a unique number each Sunday at check in. You will be given a
security tag that matches your child’s number at check in. Only the
person that has your child’s security tag is allowed beyond the security
checkpoint and able to pick up your child. You will also be notified via
the screens in the worship center or a text message with your child’s
number if your child needs you during their stay in Explorers or
Outfitters. This system allows us easy access to you, should the need
arise, and limits access to the children’s areas.

Lastly, we want you to know that we work hard to provide Biblical
teaching that is engaging and age appropriate each Sunday in your
child’s class. This teaching is fun, energetic, and hands on. In
addition to making church your child’s favorite place to be, we feel
that our main job is to assist you in being your child’s spiritual
teacher. We send home materials for you to use at home. We want the
lessons they are learning in Explorers and Outfitters to become a part
of their lives every day of the week. Please let us know if there is any
way we can better assist you in being your child’s spiritual leader!

We hope that both you and your child enjoyed your time at Journey Church
this Sunday and we look forward to seeing you soon!  

--

Stefanie Powell 
Explorers Coordinator

Billy Davis
Outfitters Coordinator
